
Zerg Camapaign

Deathmatch. Found in Mission 1-3. There are two means to unlock this: 1) type breathe deep cheat code during the cutscene sequence, or 2) Hallucinate a roving Scout and fly it to the beacon hidden in the upper left corner of the map. This will unlock a slightly off-base Unreal-style team Deathmatch event, which is unevenly stacked against you, even if you outnumber the opposing team 5 to 3 (they are much stronger than you and pick you off easily when you're by yourselves).

Hidden Campaign Mission 1. Found in Mission 1-6. During the second part of the mission there will be rescuable Scourges at the bottom right expansion. There is also a rescuable Queen available to the northwest nearby; use the Scourges to rescue the Queen, as no other unit can make it to the ledge. Fly the Queen to the very bottom right corner of the map, and you should find a beacon with a Civilian standing on it. Use Spawn Broodling on the Civilian to activate the first Hidden Campaign Mission, a redux of the Deathmatch, but stacked in your favor this time.
Terran Campaign

Hidden Campaign Mission 2. Found in Mission 2-1. You can either Hallucinate a Science Vessel or wait until the Wraiths arrive. Near the center of the map there is a Corsair; rescue it. Directly to the south of it is a beacon; Cast Disruption Web on the beacon to trigger the mission that introduces The Madoshi.

Hidden Campaign Mission 3. Found in Mission 2-3. Essentially a hide-and-seek in searching for a Flag. The flag can be found just northwest of the Protoss encampment, hidden behind a cluser of trees. Bring that flag to the far north end of the map; in the middle of a large mineral cluster is a beacon. Take the flag there to trigger the next mission.

Hidden Campaign Mission 4. Found in Mission 2-4. Another hide-and-seek game, this time you need to find a Psi Emitter and take it to the white Beacon located at the east end of the space barge. The Psi Emitter is located behind an Evo-Colony at the very north end of the barge.

Hidden Campaign Mission 5. Found in Mission 2-5. The last of the hide-and-seek games, the Chrysalis is located in plain site on an island in the south middle end of the map. The Beacon is located at the middle right of the map, between the Zerg encampment and the Terran encampment, below a cliff.
Protoss Campaign

Hidden Campaign Mission 6. Found in Mission 3-1. You need to find the Wiseguy character, who is hiding under the Evo Colony Doodad on the north end of the space barge. Drop a unit near the colony to rescue the Wiseguy, and a new beacon will appear near the bottom. Take Wiseguy to the new beacon to enable the final mission.

Programmer's Room 1. Found in Mission 3-2. Simply find all 12 data terminals and complete the mission as normal.

Programmer's Room 2. Found in Mission 3-2. Instead of finding all 12 data terminals you must find the secret chamber that has the terminal that opens the way to the area Hhallahh was at in the beginning of the mission. When you have access to the Control Center there is a narrow walkway at the bottom end of the room; follow that path all the way to the end to enter a hidden room. Once there approach the terminal to unlock the door. Then take Xaax to the bottom-right area, and the Beacon area will have a Reaver being attacked by a Marine. Cast Dark Swarm on the Beacon and the Reaver in order to unlock the real Programmer's Room!

Hidden Campaign Final Battle. Found in Mission 3-6. If you were disappointed in the turnaround ending dispensed here, then you have the chance to rectify that in this winner-take-all Battle Royale! During the cutscene Ziktofel will be moving toward the docking ports; if you click on her you may find that you can actually control her. Attack Hhallahh and kill him in order to pave the way to the last battle.

Bonus Level. Found in Mission 3-6. Follow the same procedure as above, or run the map in Starcraft normally. The answers to the trivia questions are as follows:
---
1. Urust
2. Chaladar
3. Zerg Queen
4. FF: 5; No Ziktofel: 3; Fleet: 4
--- 